"dsfnsjdknfkdx -,sdjsndfkjns." sjdfnjksnfwe "dsfsdjbfjsxnv"

'dsfkjnsdjkvns sfsdf'

"Turns out the Law of Absolute Death isn't as hard to form as people make it out to be, especially for someone who has seen every single aspect of this Law researched to the very limit."

"What…?"

The women widened their eyes in disbelief.

"Law of what…?"

Amaya questioned.

"Law of Absolute Death."

Nux smiled.

"A Law that allows me to harness the purest form of the Primordial Energy of Death."

He spoke as he raised his hand and black mist 'sdfjdsbcvjhxbvsjk' started jumping on his palm as if alive. The women who saw that energy could sense a terrifying 'coldness' it was emitting, an energy much more threatening than anything they had ever seen or felt.
"It is different from my Devouring Mist…"

Amaya muttered as black mist formed on top of her palm as well. 'dsgkjdbnvkjsb'

The two energies were extremely similar, but Nux's Death Energy felt… much more ominous.

For the women, Amaya's energy was just like any other energy. Sure, it was dangerous, it had the power of destruction, after all, but that was only when Amaya 'willed' it.

The energy itself was no different than mana.

But Nux's Death Energy… the women felt like even being near this energy was draining

their Life Force.

"Yes, the two are very different, not just fundamentally, but in the quality of their energy as well."

"Quality of Energy…?"

Amaya tilted her head in confusion.

"The Devouring Mist represents just a single aspect of Destruction: devouring. The devouring mist itself is incapable of causing mass destruction or using other aspects of Destruction.

It is similar to how Necromancy represents only a single aspect of Death but not everything.

The Law of Absolute Devour does allow you to harness the power of Destruction, one of the Primordial Energies, but… it does not give you complete access to it.

The Law of Absolute Death that I formed, however, is different.

I, who have observed and absorbed millions of years of Umbrasol Progenitors' research on their respective aspects of Death and their understanding of the same, have formed a Law that allows me to access all aspects of Death.

Necromancy, Soul Severance, Death Echo, Veil of Finality, Ascendence of the Undying, my Law allows me to access it all.

The strongest of all Laws related to Death, a Law that encompasses all Death,

That is,

My Law of Absolute Death."

Nux smiled, and it was a smile these women knew very well.

It meant that he wasn't done yet, and that thought terrified these women even further.

"Not only that."

And just as the women expected, Nux continued.

"Since I have absorbed the research of Eternal Level Beings who had reached the very pinnacle of Death, my understanding of Death itself is far higher than any being in this Universe.

My Law is complete.

From the Sovereign Level, where the Law of Self is formed, to the Eternal Level, where one becomes one with their Law, I have an understanding of every single level there is."

"W-What…?"

Vyriana couldn't believe what she just heard.

"S-So… you are saying that…"

"I have a straight path to the Eternal Level. As long as I have enough energy, I can become an Eternal,"

Nux spoke, and seeing his wives' expressions that looked as if their worlds had collapsed right in front of their eyes, his smile widened and,

"Well, at least that's what would have happened if I was a normal cultivator."

He shrugged.

"Huh…?"

Riona stared at Nux, unable to process what he just said.

"I am a Universe, did you forget?

My Cultivation path doesn't follow that of an individual. I need to form my own Path, my

own Cultivation Bridge,

A Cultivation Bridge that is suitable for a Universe."

"A-And how are you going to do that…?"

Ember couldn't help but question. The task just sounded outright impossible.

"Who knows?"

Nux laughed.

"I guess I would need to figure it out on my own."

He shrugged, and sensing his nonchalance, the women had a hard time knowing how to

react to it.

"I feel like my head would burst open."

Thyra couldn't help but comment.

"It is like your Law represents the entirety of Umbrasol."

"It does."

Nux didn't deny it.

"Every Death-related Law formed in Umbrasol has been absorbed by me. This is why I

say it is a complete Law, the strongest there is.

Actually, your Law is somewhat linked to Death Energy. The only reason I couldn't sever your connection despite it being one of the Primordial Energies is because your

understanding of Death is too small.

If you raise your understanding, I believe your Law would actually become much

stronger than what it is now."

"A much stronger Law of Linked Lethality?"

"Do you want to try it?"

Nux questioned with a playful smile on his face.

Thyra momentarily paused.

A face appeared in her mind before it quickly disappeared; this, however, didn't escape

Nux's senses.

"You thought of someone."

He spoke as he looked into Thyra's beautiful blue eyes.

Then suddenly, he pulled the cat woman close to him, his hands feeling her soft butt

while his eyes stared right into hers.

"You thought of someone when I said those words before.

That means you want to use

your Law on someone.

Who is it?"

Nux narrowed his eyes.

Thyra momentarily glanced at Astaria, and once again, that was enough for Nux to

understand the entire story.

"Who is it?"

He questioned.

"Nux, there is no need to both-"

Allura tried to intervene, but,

"Why not?"

Nux's smile widened.

"He is backed by a Primordial, and it is not just one."

Ember replied.

"That only makes it even more fun, no?"

"Huh…?"

Ember tilted her head in confusion.

"What are you so scared of?

I faced a Primordial before, did you forget?"

"Nux, that was only-"

"A Primordial from a Lowest Level World, yes, I know.

He was an Incomplete.

Honestly, he was no different than a joke, especially compared to

the Primordials I have seen, But…"

Nux's smile widened.

"Don't forget, at that time, I had only devoured one Lowest Level World.

Don't you think it would be fun to find out how much absorbing a High Level World

changed me?

We have living dummies offering themselves to be the test subjects. Won't it be a waste

to turn them down?"